[MUSIC PLAYING]
[GONG]
>>[CHANTING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[GONG]
>>May the sound of this bell
penetrate deep into the cosmos.
Even in the darkest
spots, living beings
are able to hear it clearly
so that all suffering in them
cease, understanding
come to their heart,
and they transcend the
path of sorrow and death.
[GONG]
>>[CHANTING]
>>The universal dharma
door is already open.
The sound of the rising
tide is heard clearly.
The miracle happens.
A beautiful child appears in
the heart of a lotus flower.
One single drop of this
compassionate water
is enough to bring back
the refreshing spring
to our mountains and rivers.
>>[CHANTING]
[GONG]
[WIND CHIMES]
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Listening to the bell, I
feel the afflictions in me
begin to dissolve, my
mind calm, my body relax.
A smile is born on my lips.
Following the sound
of the bell, my breath
brings me back to the safe
island of mindfulness.
In the garden of my heart,
the flowers of peace
bloom beautifully.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>[CHANTING]
[WIND CHIMES]